# @datafire/amazonaws_ebs

Client library for Amazon Elastic Block Store

## Installation and Usage
```bash
npm install --save @datafire/amazonaws_ebs
```
```js
let amazonaws_ebs = require('@datafire/amazonaws_ebs').create({
  accessKeyId: "",
  secretAccessKey: "",
  region: ""
});

.then(data => {
  console.log(data);
});
```

## Description

<p>You can use the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) direct APIs to create EBS snapshots, write data directly to your snapshots, read data on your snapshots, and identify the differences or changes between two snapshots. If you’re an independent software vendor (ISV) who offers backup services for Amazon EBS, the EBS direct APIs make it more efficient and cost-effective to track incremental changes on your EBS volumes through snapshots. This can be done without having to create new volumes from snapshots, and then use Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to compare the differences.</p> <p>You can create incremental snapshots directly from data on-premises into EBS volumes and the cloud to use for quick disaster recovery. With the ability to write and read snapshots, you can write your on-premises data to an EBS snapshot during a disaster. Then after recovery, you can restore it back to AWS or on-premises from the snapshot. You no longer need to build and maintain complex mechanisms to copy data to and from Amazon EBS.</p> <p>This API reference provides detailed information about the actions, data types, parameters, and errors of the EBS direct APIs. For more information about the elements that make up the EBS direct APIs, and examples of how to use them effectively, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-accessing-snapshot.html">Accessing the Contents of an EBS Snapshot</a> in the <i>Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide</i>. For more information about the supported AWS Regions, endpoints, and service quotas for the EBS direct APIs, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/ebs-service.html">Amazon Elastic Block Store Endpoints and Quotas</a> in the <i>AWS General Reference</i>.</p>

## Actions

### StartSnapshot



```js
amazonaws_ebs.StartSnapshot({
  "VolumeSize": 0
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * ClientToken `string`: <p>A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request. Idempotency ensures that an API request completes only once. With an idempotent request, if the original request completes successfully. The subsequent retries with the same client token return the result from the original successful request and they have no additional effect.</p> <p>If you do not specify a client token, one is automatically generated by the AWS SDK.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-direct-api-idempotency.html"> Idempotency for StartSnapshot API</a> in the <i>Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide</i>.</p>
  * Description `string`: A description for the snapshot.
  * Encrypted `boolean`: <p>Indicates whether to encrypt the snapshot. To create an encrypted snapshot, specify <code>true</code>. To create an unencrypted snapshot, omit this parameter.</p> <p>If you specify a value for <b>ParentSnapshotId</b>, omit this parameter.</p> <p>If you specify <code>true</code>, the snapshot is encrypted using the CMK specified using the <b>KmsKeyArn</b> parameter. If no value is specified for <b>KmsKeyArn</b>, the default CMK for your account is used. If no default CMK has been specified for your account, the AWS managed CMK is used. To set a default CMK for your account, use <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_ModifyEbsDefaultKmsKeyId.html"> ModifyEbsDefaultKmsKeyId</a>.</p> <p>If your account is enabled for encryption by default, you cannot set this parameter to <code>false</code>. In this case, you can omit this parameter.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-accessing-snapshot.html#ebsapis-using-encryption"> Using encryption</a> in the <i>Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide</i>.</p>
  * KmsKeyArn `string`: <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master key (CMK) to be used to encrypt the snapshot. If you do not specify a CMK, the default AWS managed CMK is used.</p> <p>If you specify a <b>ParentSnapshotId</b>, omit this parameter; the snapshot will be encrypted using the same CMK that was used to encrypt the parent snapshot.</p> <p>If <b>Encrypted</b> is set to <code>true</code>, you must specify a CMK ARN. </p>
  * ParentSnapshotId `string`: <p>The ID of the parent snapshot. If there is no parent snapshot, or if you are creating the first snapshot for an on-premises volume, omit this parameter.</p> <p>If your account is enabled for encryption by default, you cannot use an unencrypted snapshot as a parent snapshot. You must first create an encrypted copy of the parent snapshot using <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_CopySnapshot.html">CopySnapshot</a>.</p>
  * Tags `array`: The tags to apply to the snapshot.
    * items [Tag](#tag)
  * Timeout `integer`: <p>The amount of time (in minutes) after which the snapshot is automatically cancelled if:</p> <ul> <li> <p>No blocks are written to the snapshot.</p> </li> <li> <p>The snapshot is not completed after writing the last block of data.</p> </li> </ul> <p>If no value is specified, the timeout defaults to <code>60</code> minutes.</p>
  * VolumeSize **required** `integer`: The size of the volume, in GiB. The maximum size is <code>16384</code> GiB (16 TiB).

#### Output
*Output schema unknown*

### CompleteSnapshot



```js
amazonaws_ebs.CompleteSnapshot({
  "snapshotId": "",
  "x-amz-ChangedBlocksCount": 0
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * snapshotId **required** `string`
  * x-amz-ChangedBlocksCount **required** `integer`
  * x-amz-Checksum `string`
  * x-amz-Checksum-Algorithm `string`
  * x-amz-Checksum-Aggregation-Method `string`

#### Output
*Output schema unknown*

### ListChangedBlocks



```js
amazonaws_ebs.ListChangedBlocks({
  "secondSnapshotId": ""
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * firstSnapshotId `string`
  * secondSnapshotId **required** `string`
  * pageToken `string`
  * maxResults `integer`
  * startingBlockIndex `integer`
  * MaxResults `string`
  * NextToken `string`

#### Output
* output [ListChangedBlocksResponse](#listchangedblocksresponse)

### ListSnapshotBlocks



```js
amazonaws_ebs.ListSnapshotBlocks({
  "snapshotId": ""
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * snapshotId **required** `string`
  * pageToken `string`
  * maxResults `integer`
  * startingBlockIndex `integer`
  * MaxResults `string`
  * NextToken `string`

#### Output
* output [ListSnapshotBlocksResponse](#listsnapshotblocksresponse)

### GetSnapshotBlock



```js
amazonaws_ebs.GetSnapshotBlock({
  "snapshotId": "",
  "blockIndex": 0,
  "blockToken": ""
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * snapshotId **required** `string`
  * blockIndex **required** `integer`
  * blockToken **required** `string`

#### Output
* output [GetSnapshotBlockResponse](#getsnapshotblockresponse)

### PutSnapshotBlock



```js
amazonaws_ebs.PutSnapshotBlock({
  "snapshotId": "",
  "blockIndex": 0,
  "x-amz-Data-Length": 0,
  "x-amz-Checksum": "",
  "x-amz-Checksum-Algorithm": "",
  "BlockData": ""
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * snapshotId **required** `string`
  * blockIndex **required** `integer`
  * x-amz-Data-Length **required** `integer`
  * x-amz-Progress `integer`
  * x-amz-Checksum **required** `string`
  * x-amz-Checksum-Algorithm **required** `string`
  * BlockData **required** `string`: <p>The data to write to the block.</p> <p>The block data is not signed as part of the Signature Version 4 signing process. As a result, you must generate and provide a Base64-encoded SHA256 checksum for the block data using the <b>x-amz-Checksum</b> header. Also, you must specify the checksum algorithm using the <b>x-amz-Checksum-Algorithm</b> header. The checksum that you provide is part of the Signature Version 4 signing process. It is validated against a checksum generated by Amazon EBS to ensure the validity and authenticity of the data. If the checksums do not correspond, the request fails. For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-accessing-snapshot.html#ebsapis-using-checksums"> Using checksums with the EBS direct APIs</a> in the <i>Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide</i>.</p>

#### Output
*Output schema unknown*



## Definitions

### AccessDeniedException


### Block
* Block `object`: A block of data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store snapshot.
  * BlockIndex
  * BlockToken

### BlockData
* BlockData `string`

### BlockIndex
* BlockIndex `integer`

### BlockSize
* BlockSize `integer`

### BlockToken
* BlockToken `string`

### Blocks
* Blocks `array`
  * items [Block](#block)

### Boolean
* Boolean `boolean`

### ChangedBlock
* ChangedBlock `object`: A block of data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store snapshot that is different from another snapshot of the same volume/snapshot lineage.
  * BlockIndex
  * FirstBlockToken
  * SecondBlockToken

### ChangedBlocks
* ChangedBlocks `array`
  * items [ChangedBlock](#changedblock)

### ChangedBlocksCount
* ChangedBlocksCount `integer`

### Checksum
* Checksum `string`

### ChecksumAggregationMethod
* ChecksumAggregationMethod `string` (values: LINEAR)

### ChecksumAlgorithm
* ChecksumAlgorithm `string` (values: SHA256)

### CompleteSnapshotRequest
* CompleteSnapshotRequest `object`

### CompleteSnapshotResponse
* CompleteSnapshotResponse `object`
  * Status

### ConcurrentLimitExceededException


### ConflictException


### DataLength
* DataLength `integer`

### Description
* Description `string`

### GetSnapshotBlockRequest
* GetSnapshotBlockRequest `object`

### GetSnapshotBlockResponse
* GetSnapshotBlockResponse `object`
  * BlockData

### IdempotencyToken
* IdempotencyToken `string`

### InternalServerException


### KmsKeyArn
* KmsKeyArn `string`

### ListChangedBlocksRequest
* ListChangedBlocksRequest `object`

### ListChangedBlocksResponse
* ListChangedBlocksResponse `object`
  * BlockSize
  * ChangedBlocks
    * items [ChangedBlock](#changedblock)
  * ExpiryTime
  * NextToken
  * VolumeSize

### ListSnapshotBlocksRequest
* ListSnapshotBlocksRequest `object`

### ListSnapshotBlocksResponse
* ListSnapshotBlocksResponse `object`
  * BlockSize
  * Blocks
    * items [Block](#block)
  * ExpiryTime
  * NextToken
  * VolumeSize

### MaxResults
* MaxResults `integer`

### OwnerId
* OwnerId `string`

### PageToken
* PageToken `string`

### Progress
* Progress `integer`

### PutSnapshotBlockRequest
* PutSnapshotBlockRequest `object`
  * BlockData **required**

### PutSnapshotBlockResponse
* PutSnapshotBlockResponse `object`

### RequestThrottledException


### ResourceNotFoundException


### ServiceQuotaExceededException


### SnapshotId
* SnapshotId `string`

### StartSnapshotRequest
* StartSnapshotRequest `object`
  * ClientToken
  * Description
  * Encrypted
  * KmsKeyArn
  * ParentSnapshotId
  * Tags
    * items [Tag](#tag)
  * Timeout
  * VolumeSize **required**

### StartSnapshotResponse
* StartSnapshotResponse `object`
  * BlockSize
  * Description
  * KmsKeyArn
  * OwnerId
  * ParentSnapshotId
  * SnapshotId
  * StartTime
  * Status
  * Tags
    * items [Tag](#tag)
  * VolumeSize

### Status
* Status `string` (values: completed, pending, error)

### Tag
* Tag `object`: Describes a tag.
  * Key
  * Value

### TagKey
* TagKey `string`

### TagValue
* TagValue `string`

### Tags
* Tags `array`
  * items [Tag](#tag)

### TimeStamp
* TimeStamp `string`

### Timeout
* Timeout `integer`

### ValidationException


### VolumeSize
* VolumeSize `integer`


