# @datafire/amazonaws_personalize_events

Client library for Amazon Personalize Events

## Installation and Usage
```bash
npm install --save @datafire/amazonaws_personalize_events
```
```js
let amazonaws_personalize_events = require('@datafire/amazonaws_personalize_events').create({
  accessKeyId: "",
  secretAccessKey: "",
  region: ""
});

.then(data => {
  console.log(data);
});
```

## Description

Amazon Personalize can consume real-time user event data, such as <i>stream</i> or <i>click</i> data, and use it for model training either alone or combined with historical data. For more information see <a>recording-events</a>.

## Actions

### PutEvents



```js
amazonaws_personalize_events.PutEvents({
  "trackingId": "",
  "sessionId": "",
  "eventList": []
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * eventList **required** `array`: A list of event data from the session.
    * items [Event](#event)
  * sessionId **required** `string`: The session ID associated with the user's visit. Your application generates the sessionId when a user first visits your website or uses your application. Amazon Personalize uses the sessionId to associate events with the user before they log in. For more information see <a>event-record-api</a>.
  * trackingId **required** `string`: The tracking ID for the event. The ID is generated by a call to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/personalize/latest/dg/API_CreateEventTracker.html">CreateEventTracker</a> API.
  * userId `string`: The user associated with the event.

#### Output
*Output schema unknown*

### PutItems



```js
amazonaws_personalize_events.PutItems({
  "datasetArn": "",
  "items": []
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * datasetArn **required** `string`: The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the Items dataset you are adding the item or items to.
  * items **required** `array`: A list of item data.
    * items [Item](#item)

#### Output
*Output schema unknown*

### PutUsers



```js
amazonaws_personalize_events.PutUsers({
  "datasetArn": "",
  "users": []
}, context)
```

#### Input
* input `object`
  * datasetArn **required** `string`: The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the Users dataset you are adding the user or users to.
  * users **required** `array`: A list of user data.
    * items [User](#user)

#### Output
*Output schema unknown*



## Definitions

### Arn
* Arn `string`

### Date
* Date `string`

### Event
* Event `object`: Represents user interaction event information sent using the <code>PutEvents</code> API.
  * eventId
  * eventType **required**
  * eventValue
  * impression
    * items [ItemId](#itemid)
  * itemId
  * properties
  * recommendationId
  * sentAt **required**

### EventList
* EventList `array`
  * items [Event](#event)

### EventPropertiesJSON
* EventPropertiesJSON `string`

### FloatType
* FloatType `number`

### Impression
* Impression `array`
  * items [ItemId](#itemid)

### InvalidInputException


### Item
* Item `object`: Represents item metadata added to an Items dataset using the <code>PutItems</code> API.
  * itemId **required**
  * properties

### ItemId
* ItemId `string`

### ItemList
* ItemList `array`
  * items [Item](#item)

### ItemProperties
* ItemProperties `string`

### PutEventsRequest
* PutEventsRequest `object`
  * eventList **required**
    * items [Event](#event)
  * sessionId **required**
  * trackingId **required**
  * userId

### PutItemsRequest
* PutItemsRequest `object`
  * datasetArn **required**
  * items **required**
    * items [Item](#item)

### PutUsersRequest
* PutUsersRequest `object`
  * datasetArn **required**
  * users **required**
    * items [User](#user)

### RecommendationId
* RecommendationId `string`

### ResourceNotFoundException


### StringType
* StringType `string`

### User
* User `object`: Represents user metadata added to a Users dataset using the <code>PutUsers</code> API.
  * properties
  * userId **required**

### UserId
* UserId `string`

### UserList
* UserList `array`
  * items [User](#user)

### UserProperties
* UserProperties `string`


